.TH "novajoin-install" "1" "Aug 16 2016" "novajoin" "novajoin Manual Pages"
.SH "NAME"
novajoin\-install \- Configure a novajoin server
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
novajoin\-install [\fIOPTION\fR]...

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Configures a machine as a novajoin server. 

The machine must first be configured as an IPA client. It does not need to be running on a nova controller.

The installer configures nova to use the novajoin service as a dynamic metadata provider, configures the novajoin notification and REST services and configures IPA to grant access to a role that allows management of hosts.

There are four ways to provide authentication for the IPA integration:

1. kinit before running the script and use the \-\-no\-kinit option.
.TP
2. Set the Kerberos principal with \-\-principal and pass the password on the command-line using \-\-password.
.TP
3. Set the Kerberos principal with \-\-principal and pass the password in a file using \-\-password\-file.
.TP
4. Let the installer prompt the user for the password.
.SH "OPTIONS"
Nova join Install Options

\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-kinit\fR
Assume the user has already done a kinit (principal and password not required)
.TP
\fB\-\-user\fR \fIUSER\fR
User that nova services run as
.TP
\fB\-\-principal\fR \fIPRINCIPAL\fR
Kerberos principal to use to setup IPA integration
.TP
\fB\-\-password\fR \fIPASSWORD\fR
password for the Kerberos principal
.TP
\fB\-\-password\-file\fR \fIPASSWORDFILE\fR
path to file containing password for the Kerberos principal
.TP
\fB\-\-keystone\-auth-url\fR \fIKEYSTONE_AUTH_URL\fR
Keystone auth URL (ex http://192.168.0.1:5000/v3)
.TP
\fB\-\-nova\-password\fR \fINOVA_PASSWORD\fR
Nova service user password
.TP
\fB\-\-precreate\fR
Pre-create the IPA host with a One-Time Password (OTP)
.SH "PRECREATE OPTIONS"
These are additional options available when precreate is requested.
.TP
\fB\-\-server\fR \fISERVER\fR
IPA server
.TP
\fB\-\-realm\fR \fIREALM\fR
IPA realm name
.TP
\fB\-\-domain\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR
IPA domain name
.TP
\fB\-\-hostname\fR \fIHOSTNAME\fR
Hostname of IPA host to create
.TP
\fB\-\-otp-file\fR \fIOTP_FILENAME\fR
File to write OTP to instead of stdout
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
0 if the installation was successful

1 if an error occurred
.SH "SEEALSO"
.BR novajoin\-server(1), 
.BR novajoin\-notify(1)
